> Honestly, I have no idea if it is just a result of this sink into depression or if it's the other way around. I got scared and Ellie got a little weirded out because you really wanted her to like you and you didn't act like yourself. I kept telling myself that you would calm down and act more like yourself with time but then I would immediately freeze up and didn't want to chance it. I wish I could say I'm at peace with it, but I'm still just as anxious and depressed and conflicted and I think it will only become clear to me with time.

> That started it and because I was scared all the little things jumped out at me for justification. You are allergic to dogs and you couldn't realistically live with me full time like that. Little things like that. It became unfair to you where my head is right now and I don't feel like I can give you my all right this second until I figure out what's going on in my head.

I know exactly what you mean about me not acting like myself with Ellie. It *is* because I was excited and wanted to impress her. That happens on rare occasions, when I'm in a group of people I know, meeting one person I don't know. I wish I had realized Ellie was worried. Upsetting her is the last thing I would want to do. And if I had picked up on it, I wouldn't have had to *try* to clam down -- it just would have stopped completely. Acting like that is a semi-conscious choice I guess. With a little mental preparation I would have been calm to begin with ... but you surprised me by having her there (which I loved, by the way).

Isaac got freaked out when I had a buttcheek full of steroids; that's pretty much what he saw too. He was worried as well, but mostly just worried *for me* because I told him ahead of time that I was literally on drugs.

I can remember one other instance of me acting like that from years ago, and only because someone pointed it out at the time. It was right after I got divorced. I was at Scott's house eating dinner with his family and a cute girl I liked. Maybe it freaked her out too ... whoops. It might not be accurate to say I wasn't myself though. Scott said it was like seeing my personality cranked up to eleven. 

So ... I would say it doesn't happen often, and only with new people. I probably went into 'cranked up to eleven' mode more often when I was younger. The fact that I've done it twice now in 2018 is unusual, but it's easy to identify the causes in both occurrences. I'm certain it didn't happen even once in the several years preceding. And now that I know it's a cause for concern, I'll be sure to check it in the future. The one thing I can't easily reconcile is why I didn't act like that when I first met you. It could be because I didn't have an audience, or because we corresponded extensively with texts first. (Rest assured, I was excited and happy when I met you.)

In conclusion, in my email I have responded to your text by confirming your observation, attempted to allay your concerns regarding my own self-control, cited relevant past circumstances and trends, joyfully plumbed the depths of my own personality, and succumbed to the temptation to write this silly conclusion. I'll be happy to continue talking if you want. If not I can leave you be. Truly and sincerely, I want what's best for you and Ellie and I trust you to do exactly whatever you decide is best, and that'll be what you did.